okay we've got a US automatic Patriot
one solar application gate operator here
on dist your standard 14 foot
residential ranch gate okay flip this
over
so in here we just have a regular Napa
it's not a it's not a gel cell battery I
do recommend using the gel cell
batteries whenever you can I know money
sometimes is the main reason gel cells
are typically about $100 more this is
the u.s. automatic circuit board as you
can see it's a distinct difference
between the Apollo board you're actually
going to have a master and a slave port
to hook your motor up to so if something
goes wrong with this one
you always have this one to rely on for
a second source then over here we have
our red red dip switches this is auto
closed timer timer to close will
activate on limit only gate one enable
gate to enable a nice thing about this
is it has soft stop retract enable and
soft stop extend enable also has a photo
ID power management enabled which allows
you to put a photo I on the US automatic
unit okay we got an LED push button on
this which pollow it took them a long
while to come out with it right now you
can see the red light is on extend limit
which means it's fully closed there was
a problem with the gate you would see
one of these lights light up on this
side over here okay on this one we do
have a push button to open you can open
the gate and stop it and close it
come around here you'll see our solar
panel and our keypad is mounted on the
box this is just a general installation
this installation here excluding the
gate and gate post is the operator only
is about 1795 installed basic u.s.
automatic plastic keypad solar panel
this is your receiver antenna and come
back on here behind the battery this is
the LCR receiver it's a two button
remote but number one is normal
operation and but number two is a latch
Open button means you open up the gate
it'll stay open indefinitely until you
hit the number two button again to
release it and then it will gate will
timeout and closed this is the 12v DC to
nth battery charger solar panel plugs
into here then the terminals are
constantly charging the battery as long
as there's four hours of daylight get to
15 amp fuses on the board and then the
green down here the only thing that
sucked up on this keypad is the receiver
are on this circuit board as the
receiver
yeah you can put photo I but why are
your keypad in here keypad on the front
is only a battery-operated keep every
wireless this blue button here is a
reset button the gate current senses
which means it stops when it senses it's
hitting something that senses it again
immediately on the next movement it'll
shut the board down it will not operate
until you hit the blue button to
re-engage the circuit board okay well
that's just a basic overview of a u.s.
automatic Patriot one solar gate
operator